Homework 10

For this homework, create a new repo, and for EACH QUESTION and ANSWER, create a new branch, push it, 
create pull request, and merge, THEN go to the next question. At the end, you will have one master branch with 
all the answers from all these pull requests. Add malkhafaji and ssharba as collaborators to your repo so we 
see your progress PER QUESTION.

NOTE: If the language has a function that you can use, use it, if it doesn't, THEN you can create your own.

a = ["john", "mike", "susan", "matt", "joe", "larry", "ken", "samantha", "jenny", "Sara", "henry"]
b = [5, 10, 23, 10, 7, 9, 39, 16, 1, 12, 36, 20, 50]

1. Write the following programs:
 - Write a JavaScript program that will loop through array a, and capitalizes every third word.
 - Create a Ruby program that does exactly the same thing.

2. Repeat the program in 1, except, starting from the end of the array and traversing backwards.

3. Write the following programs:
 - Write a JavaScript program that will print each element in b using the following logic: if the element is odd, print 
	the number * 2, if the number is even, print the number minus 1, if the number is divisible by 5, print the 
	number to the power of 2, and if the number is divisible by 10, loop from 0 to the number in steps 
	of 10 (0, 10, 20... the number).
 - Write the same program in Ruby.

4. Write the following programs:
 - Write a JavaScript program that will print every element in a, however, it will reverse the word for every other element.
 - Write the same program in Ruby.

5. Write a Ruby program that will read the innerHTML of a <p> tag, and print it to the screen in reverse.

6. Write the following programs:
 - Write a JavaScript program that will create a new array of size b.length. Each element in this new array will be 
	10 * the correspoding element in b - 5. Then, loop through the elements of b and the new array, and print 
	the sum of each corresponding pair.
 - Write the same program in Ruby.

7. Write the following programs:
 - Write a JavaScript program that will create another array, which will be 2/3 * the corresponding 
	element in the new array + 1/2. Then, for each element in b, print element * every element in the new array 
	(cross product). 
 - Write the same program in Ruby.

8. Write an HTML page with four paragraphs, and a text area. As you type into the text area, the same text will appear in 
	all of the four paragraphs at the same time as you type. 

